Let go of me let go hahaha
Let me hug you too
How dare you hide?
Aren't you responsible for safety?
Don't you care if they bully women?
Really? Why didn't I see you?
Hahaha, what do you love me for?
Let go of me
Brother Hu, why did you come to play together?
Don't you know he's my brother?
Court death, right?
Brother Tiger, it's not that I look down on you
But this bridge is the one that Chen Tian wants to ban
Although you are a gangster brother
But
Publicly support this trash redhead in public
It's not good for you either.
Exactly.
Brother Hu, even I know that he has offended Angel Chen.
You'd better hurry up and change the gold ring line with him.
Brother Tiger, don't worry.
After today
They will surely regret it
Hahahahaha regret
I don't know how to write regret
Or bridge
Let's go first
Don't worry about Angkor
We didn't invite friends.
Can you take us in?
Hahaha kind
I still have some face
You two
Carry those eyes on your head and wipe them clean for me
Eyeless thing
Let's go
Feng Shui takes turns, Brother Tiger